Liu Huixin, how did you become such a virtue now?
There is no humanity at all for money
Even to please his own sacrifice
Slander his own daughter
Aren't you afraid of Bao Tianjian?
Shut up
I was blind when you were young
I found you and I have suffered for half my life
I'm finally living a good life now
Don't implicate me
And that little bitch hoof
What if he is my own?
What else can he bring me besides implicating me?
Although Aotian is not my own
But he's more than his own
His father can not only bring me a good day
And yeah
The day after tomorrow will give me great honor
Dad doesn't deserve to be my mother at all
You're about to hang up
I don't need him at all for my world conference
Look at you
Look what daughter you have
How do you talk to your elders?
Luckily I didn't take her with me
Otherwise, I'll have eight lifetimes of blood mold
I, Liu Huixin
How could you insult your daughter like that?
You don't deserve to be a mother at all
Someone worthy of making me a mother
Only Aotian
I'm afraid you don't know yet
Just today.
CEO of Yunting Hotel
To congratulate
Our Aotian family has entered the Olympic candidate list
He specially sent me a contract of 200 million yuan.